[TEACH laughs]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous
seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his
crew were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the secrets
they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
[LUFFY] I'm gonna be
the King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World,
the Straw Hats form an alliance
with Law.
Their current objective is
to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
When Luffy hears about
a fighting tournament
at the Corrida Colosseum
with the Flame-Flame fruit
as the prize, he decides
to join and compete
against titanic contenders from
all over the New World.
All right! Here we go!
Gaon Cannon!
Fire!
Oh, that won't do!
[GIOLLA yells]
Got ya!
[GIOLLA laughs]
[MOMONOSUKE]
Head blow!
Eight centuries ago.
That's how far back
this little story begins.
Law.
Twenty kings from
20 countries met
at the center of the world.
They formed an alliance and
became a single organization.
Today, we know it as
the World Government.
The kings who created
this governing body
decided to move to
the Holyland of Marie Jois
and live there
with their families.
There was only one, the
Nefertari Family of Alabasta,
that refused to reside
in the capital.
The descendants
of those 19 creators
still dwelling in the city
control nearly the entire
world and go by the title
of Celestial Dragons.
Out of necessity,
the countries needed to select
new kings to govern and
replace the missing rulers.
For instance, in the case
of my native Dressrosa,
the Riku Family was
selected to govern
over the island.
And the old royalty
who chose to move
to the Holyland of Marie
Jois all those years ago.
The Don Quixote Family!
Okay. She's toast. Good.
Did you see?
I went hm!
And I took her out with
one big swing!
A clean blow!
Almost like it was
muscle memory for you!
D-Do you think so?
Thanks a lot!
Muscles...
Wait. I don't have those.
How would I know?
Yo ho ho ho!
Well we can't throw her over.
Yeah, she'd sink.
I think I'll pass on
the panties this time.
Oh? Panties?
You say you'd like to see them?
[BROOK] Trust me, I wouldn't
dream of such a thing, Madam!
[MOMONOSUKE] Should I hit
her harder this time?
No, just leave her alone.
We have to go
meet up with Traffy.
Right.
He wants us to take Caesar.
But I wonder why.
[LAW]
Look. Take the ship...
...and head for Green Bit, now!
I want to leave Caesar with you!
This whole situation
is so bizarre.
But Doflamingo did resign
from the Seven Warlords,
and at our request, I might add.
So I suppose we
must return Caesar.
Oh, don't be a fool.
You haven't got a clue,
have you?
[GROUP]
Huh?
[GIOLLA] You think the Young
Master would actually
negotiate with the likes of you?
Just because he said he
left the Seven Warlords
doesn't mean he did!
Huh?
That's it.
Tell us what you mean, now!
Did he or didn't he?
Ouch! You brat! I'll kill you!
[MOMONOSUKE crying]
Nami!
[GIOLLA laughs]
No, the Young Master didn't
quit the Seven Warlords.
Sorry.
You've fallen right into our
trap and given Violet
the chance to
discover your plan!
By now, I'm sure all your
friends have been captured!
[GROUP]
What?!
[GIOLLA laughs, coughs]
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS] Ladies and gentlemen,
this final match
is the showdown we've
all been waiting for!
It's time for Block D!
Let's watch these
tenacious competitors
duke it out for survival!
It's a full house!
But then, the more fighters
we have, the bloodier!
The first contender
to keep an eye on
is this imposing fellow!
A class-A war criminal from
the Sea Battle of Dias!
Suleiman the Beheader!
Secondly...
The fearless admiral of the
Yonta Maria Grand Fleet!
"The Surmounter" Orlumbus!
A military captain from the
Majiatsuka Kingdom to the south!
Rolling Logan!
And that's not all!
A fighting lion, Agyo!
[COMPETITORS yell]
[GYATS]
An arsonist, Damask!
[COMPETITORS yell]
[GYATS]
A sorcerer, Mummy!
And a gladiator, Agilia!
With so many
impressive competitors here,
it's anyone's game.
Now! Although the match
is just beginning,
right off the bat,
one star is shining bright!
That's right, folks,
you guessed it!
Cavendish of the White Horse!
Who's this?
Oh, me?
Gardoa, handsome bounty hunter.
Ah! Wow, Gardoa! You're cute!
Why you little...
[GARDOA] I see you're
admiring my shining spear.
I use the bounty from
each pirate I catch
to buy an even more
glistening weapon.
It's like a medal
of honor to me.
Fortunately for me, there are
plenty of valuable targets
in this competition.
For example, I hear you're
worth 280 million Berries.
Why, that'd buy a spear
made of diamonds!
Smells lovely.
Enough!
Where'd you--?
[CAVENDISH]
Over here.
A diamond spear, huh?
How gaudy.
Know this. For those who
dare try to upstage me.
The consequences are severe.
Ah! Sorry. We changed our minds!
Please win!
[MAN A] That pretty boy's
tougher than he looks!
[CROWD cheering]
[CAVENDISH]
Yes!
Straw Hat!
Do you hear the cheers?
The crowd loves me!
I'm more popular than you!
Hey, get out of the
way, Cabbage!
I wanna watch Rebecca,
but I just see your dumb face!
[INMATE A]
Yeah, what he said!
[INMATE B] No one cares
about your goofy ass!
[INMATE C]
Get outta the way!
[COMPETITOR M]
C'mere!
[COMPETITOR P]
Yeah, you're history!
Things are shaping up
just as we predicted!
Many combatants are ganging
up on the ever-hated
Rebecca in hopes of being
the one to slay her!
Hold on!
'Cause this could be the end.
Look out behind you!
You're dead!
Die, Rebecca!
[COMPETITOR W] You're about
to be Fighting Fish food!
No way.
So you're a Celestial Dragon.
I don't believe it!
[DOFLAMINGO]
That's me.
Well, that was me at least.
But not anymore.
A man's destiny has nothing
to do with bloodline.
Not many people can
say they've lived a life
as checkered as I have.
That's for sure.
[laughs]
Who cares?
Stop rambling, bastard!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Sorry, Law.
Believe me, I'd love
nothing more than
to knock back a few
drinks and tell you
my life story.
But I don't have
time for all that.
The Straw Hats are in Dressrosa
and I need to address that.
Plenty of others have
made the mistake
of underestimating
the Straw Hats,
and I don't want
to end up like them.
So what? You're done?
Not at all.
It's just that I heard a
thunderclap coming from
the direction of the sea.
What does the sky look like?
Thunderclap?
[FUJITORA] I may be blind,
but I've always had
a keen sense of the weather,
or at 'least I thought I did.
Maybe I'm just getting old.
[LAW] Nami controls the
weather, doesn't she?
The ship must be here!
Hurry up!
You have my heart, don't you?
Well, hand it over!
What is taking you so long?
Give it back at once!
No point. Think about it.
I never said it was
Caesar's heart, did I?
What?!
You've been keeping that
a secret all this time?
How is that possible?
My heart is missing
from my body!
I can't feel a heartbeat!
I checked!
[yells]
What are you doing?
Stop that! I'll die!
Guess I'm fine.
[MARINE A yells]
[MARINES chattering]
A Marine?! Really?!
Then where's my heart?
That's one of my men.
What is the meaning of this?
Room!
Gravity. Nice trick.
Keep it up or else
I might get away!
[LAW]
Shambles!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Joker! Help me!
[DOFLAMINGO]
You've got a lot of energy, Law.
Poor fool. He should give up.
It's useless.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Let go of me!
And tell me what you did
with my heart, you brute!
Ha. You know there's
nowhere to run, right?
Wherever you go, I'll catch you!
[NAMI]
You see Traffy?
Nah. The fog is way too thick.
Just looks like
some weird forest.
Don't get me wrong, I don't
want to believe anything
that old hag told us, but still.
What if when we go
to pick up Caesar,
Law's plan has
already backfired?
What do you think will
happen to us then?
Well, it's simple.
We're going to die.
[GROUP]
No!
Oh, no!
[GROUP yells]
Ow, what happened?
That hurt. Someone there?
[MOMONOSUKE, NAMI yell]
[CHOPPER]
What the--?
Ah! Something's coming this way!
Fighting Fish.
An entire school of the things!
It's your fault!
You steered the ship
too close to the island!
Our fault?
What's a Fighting Fish?
[GIOLLA] They're monsters,
deadly enough to sink a warship!
[MOMONOSUKE]
Nami, save me!
[LAW]
That's it! Keep chasing me!
If he turns his
attention to the ship,
then it's all over for us!
First, I need to draw
Doflamingo to the bridge
while the others grab Caesar!
Then I'll just keep
him distracted
for a few more minutes!
That way, I can buy enough
time for the ship to leave!
[DOFLAMINGO] Looks like he's
about to cross the bridge.
What for?
That's Dressrosa.
I'll have the
advantage over there.
--[GROUP yells]
--[LAW] Oh, no.
[GROUP yells]
Idiots! Quiet!
Now I get it.
[GROUP yells]
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
[LAW]
Doflamingo, wait!
This doesn't involve them!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Too late, Law.
[GROUP yells]
Please don't let them
destroy the Sunny!
Stop that now!
I'll turn you into fish sticks!
This is strange,
where did they go?
I'm so afraid, Bone-Kichi!
What should we do now?
Let's see.
H-Here, fishy, fishy!
Whoa!
What is it now?
Doflamingo's flying this way!
[GROUP yells]
Young Master!
[NAMI]
This is a nightmare!
And it just keeps
on getting worse!
[GROUP]
Help!
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
I hope you're watching, Law.
Because I'm about to
eviscerate your pathetic
little companions right
before your eyes!
No, Stop!
Help us! Traffy!
[SANJI]
Hey!
You made my crewmates cry!
You're going down!
Sanji's here!
Ha. This should be fun.
Let's go.
[NARRATOR] When all hope
seems lost for Nami's group.
Sanji appears just in time.
Although Doflamingo's
power easily defeated
Trafalgar D. Law in the past,
this monstrous villain
is about to contend
with Sanji's scorching
leg attacks.
And so, their epic showdown
is set in motion!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Big Clash!
Sanji vs. Doflamingo!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!